{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1036{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f31\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f33\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1036\cgrid 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\lang1036\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info{\title $(CGAL_HOME)/INSTALL}{\author SEMIR}{\operator SEMIR}
{\creatim\yr2002\mo5\dy13\hr15\min14}{\revtim\yr2002\mo5\dy15\hr11\min30}{\version8}{\edmins14}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords343}{\nofchars1958}{\*\company Ursu}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern73}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1152\margr1152\margt1417\margb1417 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\lang1036\cgrid {\b\f0 $(CGALROOT)/INSTALLwin32.hlp
\par }{\f0 This file describes how to install CGAL on MS Windows for VC++ 6 and 7
\par For installation on Unix and on Cygwin, please see INSTALL.
\par 
\par The documentation of CGAL is available in various formats (HTML, PostScript,
\par PDF). It is not bundled with the software but can be downloaded separately.
\par 
\par For more information about CGAL, see the URL http://www.cgal.org/.
\par 
\par To install CGAL, you should:
\par   - download the compressed archive file from the CGAL web site www.cgal.org
\par   - Unpack and run setup.exe
\par   - The setup will go through some steps, at the end you will have CGAL-2.4 
\par     installed:
\par \tab 1) The License Agreement
\par \tab 2) The Destination Folder (we call it CGALROOT)
\par \tab 3) Add the CGALROOT environment variable
\par \tab 4) Install the CGAL files
\par \tab 5) Reboot the System if you are running on Win95/98/Millenium
\par 
\par To uninstall CGAL you should go to Start->Control Panel->Add/Remove Programms, 
\par Uninstall CGAL-2.4 or you go to Start->Programms->CGAL-2.4->Uninstall.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 GMP
\par }{\f0 Some examples and demos need gmp. In order to use it you have to copy gmp.dll from
\par CGALROOT/auxiliary/wingmp/gmp-4.0.1/gmp.dll to your path.
\par      
\par }{\b\f0 Building the library
\par }{\f0 The CGAL.lib is located in CGALROOT/lib/msvc6/CGAL.lib. It is buit using
\par the MLd compiler option. If you want to rebuild the CGAL.lib you should go
\par into the CGALROOT/src directory and open cgallib.dsp/cgallib.vcproj for 
\par Msvc6/Msvc7. Then you build the opened project. The CGAL.lib from the lib 
\par directory will be overwritten.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 Building the examples
\par }{\f0 In CGALROOT/examples there are directories for every example. In each 
\par directory you will find two more directories called Vc6 and Vc7. In this
\par directories are the projects for the example files. To build an example 
\par you should open one of those projects and build it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 Building the demos
\par }{\f0 In CGALROOT/demo there are directories for every CGAL demo. Each demo 
\par directory contain two other directories called Vc6 and Vc7 containing the
\par projects for the demo files. To build a demo you should open one of those
\par projects and build it.
\par The demos from Qt_widget directory need Qt installed. The projects contain the 
\par libraries from the non-commercial version of Qt-2.3. You should modify that 
\par depending on your version of Qt. You can modify that in Project/Settings/Link.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f0 Running the examples and demos.
\par }{\f0 The corresponding executable(s) then can be run as usual, from the
\par command prompt, or via Explorer.
\par 
\par 
\par }}